- ¶
- All right, Max.
Think we can lift 500 pounds?
- Let's give it a shot.
- Okay.
- BOTH:
Ooh! Ooh! Huh!
[straining]
- This...this is nothin'.
- Oh, totally easy.
- Think we can stop now?
- Yes, please!
Ah! See?
Told you we could sneak in
a little pre-dinner workout.
Feeling the burn?
- My eyes burn from
your workout stink.
- That would be you.
- [sniffs]
Oh! You're right.
- We're crushing it, Max.
I really think this whole
Z Force thing is gonna work out.
[laughs]
Get it?
'Cause we're workin' out?
- I'm gonna hit
you with a dumbbell.
Get it? 'Cause I'm gonna
hit you with a dumbbell?
- All right.
- Speaking of dumbbells.
- What are you
doing here, Max?
I thought you
and the band had a show.
- Not till 6:00.
- I'm no time-a-matician,
but I'm pretty sure
it's 6:00 right now.
- I don't think so, Cherry.
It's 6:30.
[laughs]
6:30?!
Phoebe, how could you
let this happen?
- I'm not your assistant!
- Not with that
attitude, you're not!
I have to change.
- And shower!
Smell like an onion!
- HANK & CHLOE:
No. Next. Pass.
- Kids, entertain us before
my thumb falls off.
- Billy, this is
our chance.
Let's do the Billy and Nora
comedy show we've
been practicing.
- Right now?
If I'd known,
I would've worn underwear.
- No, you wouldn't have.
- It's true.
- Let the show begin.
- Hey, Nora.
Let's go downstairs.
- Why are you
taking the stairs?
The elevator's way faster.
Bing!
- [giggles]
That's comedy gold.
- HANK & BARB:
[laughing]
- I found my bow.
But where is my arrow?
- Found it!
- BARB:
[laughing]
The kids are really funny.
- I know.
They got it from me.
Knock-knock!
- This is our show, old man.
- Hey, Nora.
Did you hear about the crab who
only thought about himself?
- Sure did.
He was real...shellfish.
- Hey-yo!
- BARB & HANK:
[laughing]
- MRS. WONG: [on TV]
Hello, Hiddenville.
Do you like to laugh?
- Who doesn't?
- I don't.
But if you do, then come on down
to Splatterday Night Live.
- Why would we do that
when we have comedy right
here in our own home?
- Every performer gets free
burgers for their table.
- Kids, you're performing!
Barb, bust out my burger bib!
- Perform in a crowded
restaurant?
We can't do that.
- Too late.
The bib is on.
- We're not gonna
push the kids,
especially if they've
got stage fright.
- We don't have stage fright.
Right, Billy?
- Of course, we don't.
I'm definitely not afraid
of looking ridiculous
like Dad in his
weird neck diaper.
- There is nothing weird
about a grown man
protecting his clothes.
- We're gonna do great.
We just need to
go practice.
- But if we get up there
and everyone laughs at us?
- That's what we want.
- We also want burgers.
Let's not forget
about that.
They'd better not
ruin this for us.
- The bib is on, baby!
- [palm slap]
- Guys, guys, guys!
I'm sorry I'm late.
- Late? You missed
the whole show.
This is totally not
sweetious, broseph.
Wolfgang had to sing
in your place.
- [high-pitched]
¶ Wolfgang ¶
Wolfgang!
- Eesh.
It looks serious.
- Yeah, and private.
Let's go listen in.
- Look, guys,
I can explain.
It was...
all Phoebe's fault.
Yeah, she hogged
the bathroom for hours,
pluckin' her face,
or curlin' her forehead,
or whatever girls
do in there.
- I thought your forehead
looked extra curly.
Can you do mine?
- No, Cherry.
That didn't happen.
I talked Max into a Z Force
training session,
but he can't tell
the band that.
- Phoebe's flawless beauty
has nothing to do with this.
You've missed
a bunch of shows.
My grandpa has been to
more gigs than you.
- You ruined everything,
Max Thunderman!
- Yeah, like yesterday.
We were supposed
to work on band names.
But you were at the hospital
because Phoebe got her head
stuck in a mayonnaise jar.
- You, too?
- Look, you're right, guys.
I'm really, really sorry.
- I'm just too upset to
talk about it right now.
- If you're gonna cry,
then I'm gonna cry.
[crying]
- [sobbing]
Wolfgang crying, ja.
- His friends
seem really upset.
- Not as upset
as Grandpa Giddy.
- You're the worst,
Max Thunderman!
- Oh, maybe I've been
pushing Max too hard
with all this training.
I mean, what if they kick him
out of the band because of me?
He won't wanna be
my Z Force partner.
- They'd never kick
Max out of the band.
- So it's decided.
We're kicking Max
out of the band.
Oh, is this mic still on?
- Nope, didn't
hear a thing.
- Hey, Gideon.
Remember when we took
Phoebe to the heart tree?
- Okay, turn it off.
- ¶
¶ What you see ¶
¶ Is not what you get ¶
¶ Livin' our lives
with a secret ¶
¶ We fit right in ¶
¶ Bet you never guessed ¶
¶ 'Cause we're
livin' our lives ¶
¶ Just like all the rest ¶
¶ A picture
perfect family ¶
¶ Is what we try to be ¶
¶ Look closer,
you might see ¶
¶ The crazy things we do ¶
¶ This isn't
make believe ¶
¶ It's our reality ¶
¶ Just your average family ¶
¶ Trying to be normal
and stay out of trouble ¶
¶ Livin' a double life ¶¶
- You know, Phoebe, if things
go bad with you and Max,
I can always be your
new Z Force partner.
[grunting loudly]
Ooh, yeah. You'd better
fix this thing with Max.
- Don't worry, Cherry.
Max isn't getting kicked
out of the band,
because I came up
with a plan.
- [gasps] Oh, I love
a good Phoebe plan.
I also love a bad
Phoebe plan.
I just love all
the Phoebe plans.
- Here comes our
little rocker now.
- Okay, Phoebe.
What's the big emergency?
- You're the big emergency.
But luckily,
Dr. Phoebe's
got 20 cc's of help
comin' your way.
- Hey, why is my band here?
- Hey, Max. Listen, man.
We need to talk.
- What a great talk.
Now that that's over, um...
Max has something he really
wants to show you guys.
- I do?
- Yeah. Remember?
You felt terrible about
bailing on the band,
and you wanted to
surprise them with...
this!
A new rehearsal space!
- Oh, sweetious!
- There are no words.
- Wolfgang!
- You found a word.
- Wow.
This is so nice of me.
- It sure is.
You must really
love your band.
- Thanks, Max.
You know, we were really
starting to think
this was the fall
of the broman empire.
- Yeah. I promised
my grandpa
we were gonna kick
you outta the band,
but this changes everything.
- I still don't like you,
Max Thunderman!
- All right, Billy.
Let's see if we have all of our
props for tonight's show--
string cheese...
horseshoe.
- Let's go, you two.
The sooner I hear
your bad jokes,
the sooner I can hit you
with my tomato cannon.
- Whatever.
We're gonna be great because
we have a rubber chicken.
Where's our rubber chicken?
- It must be lost.
Guess we'll have to
cancel the show.
- Or we could use
a real chicken.
Dad always has one in
his secret meat fridge.
- I see two chickens
right here--
you and the one you're
hiding behind your back.
- You caught me, Colosso.
Just don't tell Nora.
- Billy, let's have
a chat over here...
in front of
my tomato cannon.
- I don't see how
that could go wrong.
- You clearly don't wanna
go on stage at Splatburger.
- No, I do wanna
go on stage.
But just thinking about it makes
me wanna superspeed vomit.
You do not wanna see that.
- Is it weird that I do?
Eh, never mind.
Tell me more about
your stage fright.
- I don't wanna
let Nora down,
but performing in front
of all those people
staring at me
sounds terrifying.
- I feel the same way every time
I have to go to the bathroom
in front of you people.
- But you go to the bathroom
in front of us all the time.
- Not as much
as I'd like to.
- What should I do?
- Well, you've got
two choices.
"A," you tell Nora that
you're a big-old scaredy baby.
- No. I can't do that.
I'm her hero.
- Okay.
That's definitely
not true.
So, we'll go with "B,"
sabotage the act so you don't
have to go up there on stage.
- How?
- I'll tell ya!
But first...
- [tomato splats]
- Now you're
afraid of tomatoes.
- Why are you--
- [tomato splats]
- [gasps]
- [evil laughter]
- [tomatoes splatting]
- Dance, funny boy!
Dance!
- [gasps]
- [tomatoes splatting]
- [band playing rock music]
- You hear that?
That's a Phoebe plan
comin' together.
- Ooh, I love it when
a Phoebe plan comes together!
I also love it when a Phoebe
plan doesn't come together.
I just love all
Phoebe plans.
- Phoebe, we need to talk.
Cherry, you can stay,
but...don't.
- I'm no word-a-matician,
but I think you
want me to leave.
- You, you, you!
- Yes, me, me, me.
- What did you do?
- I kept your friends from
kicking you out of the band.
- But that is exactly what
I wanted them to do.
I've been working
on this for months.
And you ruined everything!
- [sighs] Yeah, right,
what kind of psycho
tries to get themselves kicked
out of their own band?
Oh, you.
- ¶
- Okay, wait,
you were slacking off
so they would kick you
out of the band?
Why would you
do that? Why?
Just tell me one
thing...why?
- Look, being in a band
used to be one of my dreams--
that, and finding a way
to make cats talk.
- Really? Cats?
- They're so sneaky.
What are they thinking?
Anyway, now Z Force
is my dream.
- Wait.
So the band wanting to kick
you out wasn't my fault?
Why'd you blame me?
- That was just more fun.
And I couldn't just
quit the band.
- Why not?
- Well, 'cause...
if I tell them
I wanna quit,
they'll never talk
to me again.
I'll lose my best friends.
- Max, just 'cause
you quit the band
doesn't mean they'll never
talk to you again.
- Oh, yeah?
What happened to Cornelius
when he left One Direction?
- Who?
- Exactly!
But if the band
kicks you out,
they feel bad, and the
friendship lives on.
- Okay, that can't be
how bands work.
- It is, and you would know that
if you were a musical person.
- Um, you know I spent last
summer at pan flute camp.
I was the best
one there.
I was the only one there.
- Do you know how
hard it's gonna be
to get them all mad at me
again with this face?
Look at this face, Phoebe!
- One of your eyebrows
is longer than the other.
- Quiet!
I need to think.
- Oh! I'll play you some
thinking music.
- [plays "Greensleeves" badly]
- Wanna know what
I'm thinkin' now?
- That you wanna
break my pan flute?
- Actually,
you gave me an idea.
The band will
definitely kick me out
if I just book
the worst gig ever.
I just need to find a place as
annoying as your pan flute.
- [carnival music playing]
- Welcome to
the Merry Meerkat.
- This place isn't annoying.
It's adorable.
- MEERKAT:
Come on, kids, follow me!
- KIDS:
[screaming]
- Aw, hi.
Look at this little angel.
- [heavy thud]
- Oh!
[gasps]
Okay. This might work.
- ¶
- Ew. My burger has
a bone in it.
- Mm, a free bone.
- Why do we keep
coming here?
- Live from Hiddenville,
it's Splatterday Night!
It's the who's who
of the who cares?!
I'm your host,
Mrs. Wong.
Uh, before we get started,
anyone here from out of town?
You're not better than us.
Put your hand down.
- Ha, ha, ha, ha!
- What are you laughing at,
neck diaper?
- BARB:
[laughing]
It does look like a diaper.
[laughs]
- Okay, our first
performer tonight
is some kind of
comedy ghost.
- I'm a mime.
- Mimes don't talk, dummy.
- What was it Colosso said
I had to do to Nora?
- I told you to
sabotage the act!
- Thanks, Colosso.
Wait, you're in my head?
- Yep, and there's
room to spare.
I've been walking around
here for hours.
Haven't seen
a single thought.
- Have you met
Major Monkey yet?
You'll know him
when you see him.
- COLOSSO:
Focus!
Unless you want to perform,
you'd better go rattle
Nora's confidence
and keep her off that stage.
- Got it.
- Uh...you hear
voices, too, huh?
Because if you don't,
then neither do I.
[chuckling]
- CROWD:
[booing]
- Wow.
Tough crowd, Nora.
Are you sure
we should do this?
- They're supposed to boo.
He's some sort
of comedy ghost.
- I said I'm a mime!
- Our act is way better.
- Up next, ugh, those
Thunderbrats, Billy and Nora.
Let me guess.
Your father forced you to come
so he could eat free food.
- You don't have
to answer that!
- It's show time, Billy!
How are you doin'
tonight, Hiddenville?
Hey, Billy.
What do you call
a lemon in need?
Well, that's our time.
You've been
a lovely audience. Bye!
- Wow! Well, I guess I'd
better kill some time.
So, a family of rats walked
into Splatburger.
That's not a joke.
It really happened.
- [polka music playing]
- All right, I know I should've
minded my own business.
But did I really have to carry
all your band's equipment?
- Not all.
I carried my pick.
- PHOEBE:
Oh.
- Good, the band's here.
They're definitely gonna kick me
out when they see this place.
- OYSTER: Hey, bro.
We got your text.
- Good.
Grab your instruments,
'cause we're the new Meerkat
Fun Time Happy Band!
- You want us to
rock out here?
- Whoa, not cool, Max.
I would kick you out
of my band for this,
but also totally stay
friends with you.
- So?
Are you guys mad?
- Yeah, we're mad...
that you didn't come up
with this idea sooner!
- Now they can't tell us
we're too old to be here.
- GIDEON & WOLFGANG:
[laugh]
- Oh, good.
I knew you'd like it.
- Come on, let's rock
the snot outta these kids.
- Wait, wait!
There's something else.
- [gasps]
Where does it end, Max?
Definitely with friendship.
- And this thing might
be a deal breaker.
[laughs]
- I am never taking
this off!
- I just wanna
snuggle myself.
- So soften.
- That's it. I'm gonna do
the worst thing imaginable.
Hey, guys.
My sister's joining the band.
- What?
- Huh?
- Wolfgang?
- Yeah. It's cool.
In fact, it's...
pantastic!
[plays a few notes]
- Max, we can't have
a sister in the band,
especially one who used
to be in love with me.
- That could create a huge
hole in the brozone layer.
- Sorry, guys,
either we spend our lives
being the world's worst
pan flute rock band...
- [plays one note]
- ...or you guys
kick me out.
- Band huddle.
- This is it!
- Max, you're out...
of your mind if you think
we don't love that idea!
- Band cuddle!
- Woo!
- ¶
- Come on, Billy.
Come out.
- [British accent]
Billy's not here.
I'm Belvedere,
the talking burger.
- [lasers zapping]
- Ow!
- Billy, just tell me
what's going on.
- Fine.
Nora, I know I'm your hero
and you think I have
it all together--
- You're wearing
two different shoes.
- The truth is...
[sighs]
I have stage fright.
- So that's why you've
been acting weird.
Billy, it's perfectly normal
to be a little bit scared.
- It is?
Is it normal that I took a bite
out of that plastic burger?
- One problem at a time.
For now let's fix
your stage fright.
- But what about all those
people staring at me?
- Don't worry.
I think I have a way.
You won't even know
they're there.
- You give it lemonade!
Hey-yo!
- CROWD:
[laughing]
- Hey, Billy.
Did you hear about the jungle
cat who won at poker?
- Sure did.
He was a big cheetah!
- CROWD:
[laughing]
- [laughs]
What a great night.
The kids are hilarious.
- And we got free burgers.
- Uh, the burgers are free,
but the buns are $20 each.
- Please tell me this
is part of the comedy act.
- For me it is!
Hey-yo!
[cackling]
- ¶ The cow eats bamboo ¶
¶ Then it goes poo ¶
¶ The pot-bellied pig ¶
¶ It goes boo-hoo-hoo ¶
¶
- We are the Meerkat
Fun Time Happy Band!
Hope you're having
a great time.
On vocals, It's Maxaroo!
- Hey, I'm having
a hoppin' good time.
- On guitar,
it's Giraffester!
- [electric guitar solo]
- KIDS: [screaming]
- Hanging out over here
on the keyboard,
it's Gideon J. Rhino.
- [keyboard solo]
- And all the way from
Germany, Wolfgang,
which I've been told
is German for gecko!
- [drum solo]
- And who's that girl
who's been blowin' your
mind on the pan flute?
It's Phoebe Frogaby!
- KIDS: [screaming]
- [pan flute solo]
- ¶ The horse goes neigh ¶
¶ When it wants some hay ¶
¶ The farmer feeds
the horse ¶
¶ Then it's play,
play, play ¶¶
- CROWD:
[cheering & applause]
- Thank you, meerkitties!
Good night!
Oh?
Uh, and, uh, if you
happen to have lost
a child in the ball pit,
please claim him at
the front desk. Thank you.
They should be beyond
embarrassed after that gig.
- That gig was amazing.
Did you see those moms?
- And those grandmas.
Woo!
- Phoebe, come here.
Now what?
It's like everything I do,
they just love me more.
- Of course they do, Max.
They're your friends.
Nothing you do can
kanga-ruin that.
Sorry.
Seriously,
just go tell them
you don't wanna be
in the band anymore.
- No. You can't make me.
- Uh, yes I can.
Hop to it!
- [powers whooshing]
- Stop...making...me...hop!
Hey, guys.
I have something to say.
And you might want to
sit down to hear this.
- I don't think we can
in these costumes.
- Okay. Um, look...
I'm really sorry to
say this, but...
I don't wanna be
in the band anymore.
- Oh.
Well, I've actually
been thinking about
quitting the band, too.
- You have?
- Yeah, so I can spend
more time with Cherry.
I'm hoping some of her
smarts will rub off on me.
- I was thinking about
quitting, too.
Grandpa Giddy and I are
shooting our own reality show--
"Keeping Up With
the Giddys."
- Coming this fall!
- Okay, so, we're all
good with quitting?
- Please, no quitten!
- It sounds like Wolfgang's
on board, too!
I guess none of
us said anything
because we wanted to make
sure we stayed friends.
Hmph.
That means we always will.
- Always, broseph.
- Heh heh.
- [pan flute music]
- [heavy thud]
- Whose...child is that?
- ¶